# Full explanation to what this plugin all does:
This plugin listens to the "callvote" command which is automatically executed when you press a option on the vote menu. It then fiddles around with the vote_controller and [UserMessages](https://wiki.alliedmods.net/Counter-Strike:_Global_Offensive_UserMessages) to create a vote on the left side of your screen. The plugin also listens to the "vote" command. It is executed when you press F1 or F2 to vote, the command is ONLY executed if a vote actually exists.

After every registered vote the plugin checks if there are enough Yes/No votes and if a quorum ratio is fulfilled. Some of the votes only require 1 vote to succeed. Some require all players. That was not possible with [NativeVotes](https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=208008) so I had to figure out how votes in CSGO work to try and re-create it.

If a vote passes or fails the plugin again fiddles around with the vote_controller and [UserMessages](https://wiki.alliedmods.net/Counter-Strike:_Global_Offensive_UserMessages) to make the "Vote Passed" or "Vote Failed" screen appear. If a vote passes it checks the type of the vote we called and then does what the vote wants it to do. Eg: We vote to pause the match and if it succeeds the plugin executes "mp_pause_match" to pause the match. If a vote fails it just displays the error and does nothing.

The plugin also listens to "listissues". It is a command for clients only which lists all the possible votes. Due to CSGO being kinda weird the original list of issues (votes) is wrong, it lists for example "callvote changelevel <mapname>" even if the issue is disabled via the available ingame commands. It also doesn't list the custom ones I added (They are not really custom but the game kinda gets tricked. Its a bit awkward) so basically the plugin overrides the original list of issues with a custom list I made with the plugin.

All strings the plugin uses which the players see are original Valve translation strings found in "<csgodir>/csgo/resource/csgo_<language>.txt"
